datdadog integration to sofy (#1797)
DataDog/integrations-extras: sofy_sofy/README.md

# Sofy

## Overview

### What is Sofy 
SOFY is a no-code test automation platform that offers end-to-end testing from the CI/CD pipeline on real devices, making the testing process faster, more efficient, and more accessible than ever before. With SOFY, clients can automate the entire testing process, from test case planning to environment setup, and from reports to maintenance, without the need to write a single line of code. SOFY's intuitive interface sets it apart from other test automation platforms, allowing clients to achieve their software development goals with confidence.

### Sofy Datadog Dashboard

> Integrating SOFY with Datadog allows you to gain even deeper insights into your testing process by visualizing key metrics and trends in the Datadog dashboard. With the ability to quickly and easily view how your device metrics are trending for each test case, you can identify potential issues early on and optimize your testing process for maximum efficiency. The Datadog dashboard provides real-time visibility into your SOFY test results, enabling you to monitor and analyze performance over time and make data-driven decisions to improve overall software quality. With this integration, you can take your testing and monitoring capabilities to the next level, ensuring that your applications perform flawlessly every time.

Reviewer: We try to avoid marketing material within the overview section for integrations. The overview section should include:

1. What does Sofy do in 1-2 sentences?
2. What will customers get from this integration?

Can you please update the overview to reflect the above? Thanks!

### Metrics

You can monitor the following device metrics:
* CPU Utilization
* Memory Utilization
* Load Time 
* Network

## Setup
Get set up in just a few steps:

1. Log in to [SOFY](https://portal.sofy.ai): Start by logging in to SOFY and navigating to the Account Setting page by selecting Account -> Account Setting from the left-hand navigation menu.

1. Connect Datadog: Once on the Account Setting page, select the [Integration tab](https://portal.sofy.ai/app/user-settings?selectedTab=integration) and locate the Datadog tile. Click the "Connect" button to begin the integration process.

1. Follow OAuth Steps: SOFY will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog. Follow these steps carefully, making sure to grant the necessary permissions to allow SOFY to send data to Datadog.

1. Visit Monitoring Tab: Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand navigation menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page.

> 1. Enable Datadog Monitoring: Finally, enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch. SOFY will now begin sending data to Datadog after each run in the selected app, allowing you to monitor and analyze the results in real time.

Reviewer: It looks like you have the setup instructions to kick off OAuth within Sofy, The OAuth instructions should have the users kick off the authorization process from the Datadog tile, not within Sofy. Could you update the instructions to reflect this?

## Uninstallation

> * Remove the Sofy API KEY from the Datadog Orginization Setting -> [API KEY](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys)

Reviewer: Please include the following instructions to uninstallation mentioned [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/oauth_for_integrations#publish-the-oauth-client)

# Sofy

## Overview

> ### What is Sofy 
> SOFY is a no-code test automation platform that offers end-to-end testing from the CI/CD pipeline on real devices, making the testing process faster, more efficient, and more accessible than ever before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SOFY is a no-code test automation platform that offers end-to-end testing from the CI/CD pipeline on real devices, making the testing process faster, more efficient, and more accessible than ever before.
```

Reviewer: We try to avoid marketing material for integrations in integrations-extras. Can you update this to include what SOFY does in 1-2 sentences?

> ### Sofy Datadog Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Integrating SOFY with Datadog allows you to gain even deeper insights into your testing process by visualizing key metrics and trends in the Datadog dashboard.  The Datadog dashboard provides real-time visibility into your SOFY test results, enabling you to monitor and analyze performance over time and make data-driven decisions to improve overall software quality.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data Collected
```

### Metrics

You can monitor the following device metrics:
* CPU Utilization
* Memory Utilization
* Load Time 
* Network

## Setup
Get set up in just a few steps:

1. Go to your [Datadog Integrations page](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations) and click on the SOFY tile. Then go to the **Configuration** tab and click **Install Integration** at the bottom.

> 1. Log in to [SOFY](https://portal.sofy.ai): Start by logging in to SOFY and navigating to the Account Setting page by selecting Account -> Account Setting from the left-hand navigation menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Log in to [SOFY](https://portal.sofy.ai): Start by logging in to SOFY and navigating to the Account Setting page by selecting Account -> Account Setting from the left-hand navigation menu.
```

> 1. Connect Datadog: Once on the Account Setting page, select the [Integration tab](https://portal.sofy.ai/app/user-settings?selectedTab=integration) and locate the Datadog tile. Click the "Connect" button to begin the integration process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Connect Datadog: Once on the Account Setting page, select the [Integration tab](https://portal.sofy.ai/app/user-settings?selectedTab=integration) and locate the Datadog tile. Click the "Connect" button to begin the integration process.
```

> 1. Follow OAuth Steps: SOFY will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog. Follow these steps carefully, making sure to grant the necessary permissions to allow SOFY to send data to Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Follow OAuth Steps: SOFY will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog. Follow these steps carefully, making sure to grant the necessary permissions to allow SOFY to send data to Datadog.
```

> 1. Visit Monitoring Tab: Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand navigation menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Visit Monitoring Tab: Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand navigation menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page.
```

> 1. Enable Datadog Monitoring: Finally, enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch. SOFY will now begin sending data to Datadog after each run in the selected app, allowing you to monitor and analyze the results in real time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Enable Datadog Monitoring: Finally, enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch. SOFY will now begin sending data to Datadog after each run in the selected app, allowing you to monitor and analyze the results in real time.
```

# SOFY

## Overview

> SOFY is a no-code platform for creating automated tests on mobile Apps. Users can integrate with their CI/CD pipelines to execute tests on real devices and view the results of their functional tests along with performance metrics.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
SOFY is a no-code platform for creating automated tests on mobile apps. Users can integrate with their CI/CD pipelines to execute tests on real devices and view the results of their functional tests along with performance metrics.
```

> Sofy is a no-code platform for creating automated tests on  mobile Apps. Users can integrated with their CI/CD pipelines to execute tests on real devices and view the results of their functional tests along with performance metrics.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sofy is a no-code platform for creating automated tests on mobile Apps. Users can integrate with their CI/CD pipelines to execute tests on real devices and view the results of their functional tests along with performance metrics.
```

> With this integration, you have deeper insight into your testing process by visualizing key metrics and trends such as load time, network, memory utilization and CPU. The out-of-the-box dashboard provides real-time visibility into your SOFY test results, enabling you to monitor and analyze performance over time, and make data-driven decisions to improve overall software quality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration provides deeper insight into your testing process by visualizing key metrics and trends such as load time, network, memory utilization, and CPU. The out-of-the-box dashboard provides real-time visibility into Sofy test results, enabling you to monitor and analyze performance over time, and make data-driven decisions to improve overall software quality.
```

> With this integration, you have deeper insight into your testing process by visualizing key metrics and trends such as load time, network, memory utilization and CPU. The out-of-the-box dashboard provides real-time visibility into your SOFY test results, enabling you to monitor and analyze performance over time and make data-driven decisions to improve overall software quality.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With this integration, you have deeper insight into your testing process by visualizing key metrics and trends such as load time, network, memory utilization and CPU. The out-of-the-box dashboard provides real-time visibility into your SOFY test results, enabling you to monitor and analyze performance over time, and make data-driven decisions to improve overall software quality.
```

> With this integration, you have deeper insight into your testing process by visualizing key metrics and trends such as load time, network, memory utilization and CPU. The out-of-the-box dashboard provides real-time visibility into your SOFY test results, enabling you to monitor and analyze performance over time and make data-driven decisions to improve overall software quality.

Reviewer 3: Is the standard to use Sofy or SOFY? Please ensure that the capitalization is consistent throughout the tile.

## Data Collected
### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][8] for the full list of metrics provided by this check.

## Setup

> Get set up in just a few steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up the Sofy integration:
```

> 1. Go to your [Datadog Integrations page][1] and click on the SOFY tile. Then go to the **Configuration** tab and click **Install Integration** at the bottom.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to your [Datadog Integrations page][1] and click on the Sofy tile.
2. Go to the **Configuration** tab and click **Install Integration** at the bottom.
```

> 1. Click **Connect Accounts** to begin authorization of the SOFY integration from the Login page in SOFY.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click **Connect Accounts** to authorize the integration from the Login page in Sofy.
```

> 3. Log in to [SOFY][2]: Start by logging in to SOFY and navigating to the Account Setting page by selecting Account -> Account Setting from the left-hand navigation menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Log in to [Sofy][2] and navigate to the **Account Setting** page by selecting **Account > Account Setting** from the left-hand menu.
```

> 4. Log in with your [Sofy][2] account and connect Datadog to Sofy: Start by logging in to [Sofy][2], and then click the **Connect** button on the Datadog tile to begin the integration process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Log into [Sofy][2], then click the **Connect** button on the Datadog tile to begin the integration process.
```

> 4. Connect Datadog: Once on the Account Setting page, select the [Integration tab][3] and locate the Datadog tile. Click the "Connect" button to begin the integration process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Connect Datadog to your SOFY Account: Once on the Account Setting page, select the [Integration tab][3] and locate the Datadog tile. Click the "Connect" button to begin the integration process.
```

> 1. Click **Connect Accounts** to begin authorization of the SOFY integration from the Login page in SOFY.
> 
> 3. Log in to [SOFY][2]: Start by logging in to SOFY and navigating to the Account Setting page by selecting Account -> Account Setting from the left-hand navigation menu.
> 
> 4. Connect Datadog to your SOFY Account: Once on the Account Setting page, select the [Integration tab][3] and locate the Datadog tile. Click the "Connect" button to begin the integration process.

Reviewer 4: Can we just navigate from the Datadog integration tile directly to the Sofy Integration tab step 4? This way the user will automatically be on the right page after logging into the `onboarding_url`. Additionally, you will be able to use the `site` parameter to determine which datacenter the user was redirected from (e.g. `app.datadoghq.com`, `us5.datadoghq.com`, `app.datadoghq.eu`, etc). See [docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/authorization/oauth2_in_datadog/).

```suggestion
2. Click **Connect Accounts** to redirect to the [Integration tab][3] under Account Settings in SOFY.

3. Log in with your SOFY account and connect Datadog to SOFY: Start by logging in to SOFY, and then click the "Connect" button on the Datadog tile to begin the integration process.
```

Note: you will likely have to update your OAuth client's `onboarding_url` to be `https://portal.sofy.ai/app/user-settings?selectedTab=integration` and republish your app in the developer platform.

> 4. Connect Datadog to your SOFY Account: Once on the Account Setting page, select the [Integration tab][3] and locate the Datadog tile. Click the "Connect" button to begin the integration process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Connect Datadog to your Sofy Account by selecting the [Integration tab][3] and locating the Datadog tile from the Account Setting page.
5. Click the "Connect" button to begin the integration process.
```

5. Sofy will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog. Follow these steps carefully, making sure to grant the necessary permissions to allow Sofy to send data to Datadog.

6. Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page. Enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch.

> 7. Sofy now sending data to Datadog after each run in the selected app, allowing you to monitor and analyze the results in real time.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
7. Sofy now starts sending data to Datadog after each run in the selected app, allowing you to monitor and analyze the results in real time.
```

> 6. Visit Monitoring Tab: Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand navigation menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Enable Datadog Monitoring: Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand navigation menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page. Enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch.
```

> 6. Enable Datadog Monitoring: Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand navigation menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page. Enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page. Enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch.
```

> 7. Enable Datadog Monitoring: Finally, enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch. SOFY will now begin sending data to Datadog after each run in the selected app, allowing you to monitor and analyze the results in real time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
SOFY will now begin sending data to Datadog after each run in the selected app, allowing you to monitor and analyze the results in real time.
```

## Uninstallation

> * Remove that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for SOFY on the [API Keys management page][4] in Datadog.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for SOFY on the [API Keys management page][4] in Datadog.
```

## Support

> Need help? Contact [SOFY support][5].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Sofy support][5].
```

## Further Reading
Additional helpful documentation, links, and articles:
* [Blog Post][6]
* [Documentation][7]

> [1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations

Reviewer 4: This url has been updated.
```suggestion
[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations
```

[2]: https://portal.sofy.ai
[3]: https://portal.sofy.ai/app/user-settings?selectedTab=integration

> [4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys

Reviewer 4: We can add the search key here so the user can easily see the correct API key without having to manually search for Sofy.

```suggestion
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=Sofy
```

# Sofy

## Overview

Sofy is a no-code platform for creating automated tests on  mobile Apps. Users can integrated with their CI/CD pipelines to execute tests on real devices and view the results of their functional tests along with performance metrics.

With this integration, you have deeper insight into your testing process by visualizing key metrics and trends such as load time, network, memory utilization and CPU. The out-of-the-box dashboard provides real-time visibility into your SOFY test results, enabling you to monitor and analyze performance over time and make data-driven decisions to improve overall software quality.

## Data Collected
### Metrics

> 

Reviewer: See [metadata.csv][8] for the full list of metrics provided by this check.

4. Follow OAuth Steps: SOFY will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog. Follow these steps carefully, making sure to grant the necessary permissions to allow SOFY to send data to Datadog.

5. Visit Monitoring Tab: Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand navigation menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page.

6. Enable Datadog Monitoring: Finally, enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch. SOFY will now begin sending data to Datadog after each run in the selected app, allowing you to monitor and analyze the results in real time.

## Uninstallation
* Remove that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for SOFY on the [API Keys management page][4] in Datadog.

## Support
Need help? Contact [Sofy support][5].

## Further Reading
Additional helpful documentation, links, and articles:
* [Blog Post][6]
* [Documentation][7]

> [1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations
> [2]: https://portal.sofy.ai
> [3]: https://portal.sofy.ai/app/user-settings?selectedTab=integration
> [4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
> [5]: https://support.sofy.ai/support/tickets/new
> [6]: https://sofy.ai/blog/
> [7]: https://docs.sofy.ai

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations
[2]: https://portal.sofy.ai
[3]: https://portal.sofy.ai/app/user-settings?selectedTab=integration
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
[5]: https://support.sofy.ai/support/tickets/new
[6]: https://sofy.ai/blog/
[7]: https://docs.sofy.ai
[8]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/sofy_sofy/metadata.csv
```

# Sofy

## Overview

> ### What is Sofy 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Data Collected
### Metrics

You can monitor the following device metrics:
* CPU Utilization
* Memory Utilization
* Load Time 
* Network

## Setup
Get set up in just a few steps:

1. Go to your [Datadog Integrations page][1] and click on the SOFY tile. Then go to the **Configuration** tab and click **Install Integration** at the bottom.

2. Log in to [SOFY][2]: Start by logging in to SOFY and navigating to the Account Setting page by selecting Account -> Account Setting from the left-hand navigation menu.

3. Connect Datadog: Once on the Account Setting page, select the [Integration tab][3] and locate the Datadog tile. Click the "Connect" button to begin the integration process.

4. Follow OAuth Steps: SOFY will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog. Follow these steps carefully, making sure to grant the necessary permissions to allow SOFY to send data to Datadog.

5. Visit Monitoring Tab: Once the integration is complete, navigate to the App Manager page by selecting it from the left-hand navigation menu. From there, click on the monitoring tab on the right-hand side of the page.

> 6. Enable Datadog Monitoring: Finally, enable Datadog monitoring for the selected app by toggling the appropriate switch. SOFY will now begin sending data to Datadog after each run in the selected app, allowing you to monitor and analyze the results in real time.

Reviewer: The kickoff process should start on the Datadog tile. Please update the instructions so the authorization process kicks off from Datadog

Author: We are kick off the process with Datadog, as you can see in Step 1 of our ReadMe. We are taking inspiration from what others have mentioned in their ReadMe files as well. Please let us know if you have any suggestions for what to include in this section.

## Uninstallation

> * Remove that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for IsDown on the [API Keys management page][4] in Datadog.

Reviewer: This should be Sofy instead of IsDown

## Support

> For support or feature requests, contact SOFY through the [following channel][5]

Reviewer: Support should be a support alias for Sofy

> For support or feature requests, contact SOFY through the [following channel][5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Sofy support][5].
```
